Dens
Peppa and George are in granny
and granpa pig's garden.
They are going to play
in theirtree house.
Peppa and George
love their tree house.
Here are peppa and George's friends.
Zoe, Suzy, Rebecca and Richard.
I like your tree house, peppa.
Can we come in?
Yes.
Now we can have a tea party.
Here are Pedro and Danny.
Hello, Peppa.
Can we come in?
Sorry, Danny,
only girls can come into
the tree house.
Boys are a bit noisy,
they always spoiled the tea parties.
But George and Richard are the boys.
Oh, yes,
sorry, George,
this tree house is forthe girls only.
What's wrong?
The girls won't let us
into the tree house.
It isn't fair.
I think I can help,
come over here.
Now we can have a
nice quiet tea party.
What's that noisy?
There,
Now you boys have your very own den
and very old drawbridge.
A castle,
thank you, grandpa pig.
Can we come in?
No, this is the boy's den,
for boys only.
But I love castles.
Castles aren't as good as tree houses.
Come on, girls.
I'm the king of the castles.
Every castle needs a flag.
Wow.
They've got a flag.
We don't need a silly flag.
Here is granny pig.
Hello, girls,
can I get you anything.
Aflag, please.
And it must be better
than the boy's flag.
I'll see what I can do.
I am the king of the castle.
Every castle needs a telephone.
Hold this.
Keep this string nice and tight
and you can talk to the boys.
We don't want to talk to the boys.
We don't want to talk to the girls.
Granny pig has found a flag
for the girl's den.
This dress will make a pretty flag.
Thank you, granny.
It isn't as good as the boy's flag.
I wish I were in the castle.
Fairy Princess is live in the castles.
If I were fairy princess,
I would live in the tree house.
Can we come over, please.
Only if you say the castle is the best.
It is the best.
I'm staying in my tree house.
I love the castle.
Oh, dear, it is raining,
and the castle has no roof.
Let's go to the tree house.
No, I'll never leave my castle.
The rain has stopped.
George has found a muddy puddle.
That looks fun.
I'm staying in my castle.
I'm staying in my tree house.
I'll look afteryourcastle, Danny.
I'll look afteryourtree house, Peppa.
Peppa and Danny love jumping up
and down in muddy puddles,
Everyone loves jumping up
and down in muddy puddles
whetherthey are boys orgirls.